[TASK] Add production logging configuration guide (#5758)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/Administration/Production/Logging/Index.rst

========================================

In production environments, improperly configured logging can lead to issues
such as bloated log files, degraded performance, and even website outages due
to full disk space.

TYPO3 has several configuration options and tools to keep log files
manageable, secure, and relevant. This guide covers practical strategies for
controlling log volume, reducing noise, and monitoring critical events.

..  seealso::

    For an overview of how logging works inside TYPO3 and how to use it in
    custom code or extensions, see the :ref:`logging` chapter in the API section.

..  warning::

    Log files can grow rapidly in production and may eventually exhaust
    available disk space, causing TYPO3 to become unresponsive or inaccessible.

..  contents:: Table of contents

..  _production-logging-level:

Limit the level to be logged
============================

Each log entry in TYPO3 is associated with a severity level. For details on
log levels, refer to the TYPO3 documentation:
`Log levels <https://docs.typo3.org/permalink/t3coreapi:logging-logger-shortcuts>`_.

During development, it is often useful to log detailed information. However,

> on production systems, only critical messages should be written to the log

Author: Good catch, this is misleading! Rephrased

> During development, it is often useful to log detailed information. However,
> on production systems, only critical messages should be written to the log
> to reduce disk usage and improve performance.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
During development, it is often useful to log detailed information. In
production, logging should be limited to important issues—typically messages at
the `ERROR` level or higher—to reduce disk usage and improve performance.

```
